task(connector-sdk): Removing the source insertion logic from examples (#154)
fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk: examples/common_patterns_for_connectors/update_and_delete/delete_example/README.md

The connector requires the `psycopg2` Python library to connect to PostgreSQL databases.

```
psycopg2_binary==2.9.10
```

Note: The `fivetran_connector_sdk:latest` and `requests:latest` packages are pre-installed in the Fivetran environment. To avoid dependency conflicts, do not declare them in your `requirements.txt`.

## Authentication

This connector uses basic database authentication with a username and password to connect to PostgreSQL. Ensure the database user has appropriate permissions to read from the `sample_table` table.

## Data handling

The connector demonstrates several data operations:

- Data retrieval from PostgreSQL using the `fetch_data` method (lines 42-54)
- Upsert operations for synchronizing all records
- Delete operations with composite primary keys

Each record is synchronized to the destination table with its complete set of fields. When deleting records, the connector demonstrates how to properly specify all components of a composite primary key.

## Error handling

The connector implements error handling in several areas:

- Database connection errors
- Data fetching errors
- Configuration validation
- General error handling during the delete process

> The connector also includes warnings about improper delete operations that would fail, such as attempting to delete with incomplete primary keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The connector also includes warnings about improper delete operations that would fail, such as attempts to delete records with incomplete primary keys.
```
